In that times, chicken had teeth ...
and men used to fear them and not to walk alone
helmets for their head protection, gloves for their hands, shoulder bags full of food, bottles of water and jinfaki
Brown bear, brown bear, what do you see?
a long gut downward to darkness lit with semi-formed candles of smelling wax, appealing unused sized flying insects resembling to bees, or perhaps yellowjackets
I wanted to know where I could go with this tunnel, looking alike endless, how far down, how far deep in darkness
With each step, the echoes of my soul Reverberate in the chasms of the unknown, Guided by the whispers of unseen winds
The wind’s my guide, whisperin’ the vibe, I rise with the tide, let my spirit collide.
Walkin’ through the dark, where the shadows reside,
But I’m built from the fire, man, I never hide.
The wind’s my guide, whisperin’ the vibe, I rise with the tide, let my spirit collide.
Walkin’ through the dark, where the shadows reside,
But I’m built from the fire, man, I never hide.
"His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy"
Hot like a kettle
I'm curious about what it's like to be loved by you, just before I drift off to sleep. It's all I can think about, and I've been dreaming that you feel the same way too.
Straight up, it feels like you’re already living rent-free in my head. Tell me we’re on the same vibe. How’s that for a laid-back, slangy continuation? Let me know if you want to tweak it!
I'm all ears for your thoughts. If there's anything that doesn’t feel right or could be more awesome, just say the word!
A whispered word, Echoes in the quiet room, Meaning takes its flight.
Together in this moment, where we all belong.
It has a warmth to it that resonates—almost like an invitation to be present and unified.
Bearded Clam Soft Shelled Tuna Taco Camel Toe Slit pit Cum Dumpster Fuzzy Taco Air Pipe Beaver Tuna Town Punani Puntang ECD Sweaty Love Box Coochie Stabin' Cabin Muff Peach Snake Pit Snatch A.K.A Warehouse Of Warmth?
you think we'll just hand you our ?!
You think we’ll just yield? Nah, we stand unbroken, bold, Badges earned, not stolen.
Then you're in for a surprise. We've faced worse and still stood tall, and every tower falls eventually.
How far long?
Whereas once the shadowy, underground chamber had secured ominous creeping with many legged creatures devoid of light and air, now its darkness felt peaceful - quiet and still
The creatures unfolding, folding back their legs appeared floating in an invisible stream, seeming to invite to a discrete door
to the curious incident of the dog in the night time
mystery, Babylon the great, the mother of Harlots and abominations of the Earth
Caller number one, Hey, man... whats up?
Not a problem, you know I do it 'cause I love you, now I got to give a shoutout to Seagrims Gin 'cause I drink it, and they paying me for it
Paying for drinking, even a Gin, ain't no a stoofy pumpky broco
a description of a boose in island on the empty water planet
tasty sweet silky on the tongue
Whatever it is, it sounds like a delight for the senses.
Baby you got me like ah, woo, ah, don't you stop loving me (loving me)
Only then could you fully understand what it's like.
a velvety whimsical effervescent effect of light in a cavernous shelter
this leads to macabre practices even by children
promptly bash in his head so he can loot his pockets
a widow when she married a man who turned to be abusive
both the men looked at her
No, Quentin admitted
Is it? Why is it?
fuck you, I am not going to cry or beg
breathless and sweating he climbed through the hatchway and stood for a while allowing the cold wind to cool his head and face
the implication was that, while I had succeeded as a prosaic pitiable cloak-manufacturer, he had conquered the world by the magic of his violin and compositions
an hilarious unworthy look he used to show here and there had never been detrimental
An exaggerated expression caught between absurdity and insignificance—a face contorted in laughter, but in a way that lacks weight or dignity. Perhaps wide, unrestrained eyes, a mouth stretched too far, a crooked smirk hovering between amusement and awkwardness. It’s the look of someone laughing at the wrong time, or with too much force, or at something that shouldn’t be funny at all.
on the drive home, the men sat thinking their own thoughts
sheep's clear, insistent voice pulls you down into the rabbit hole and doesn't let go
the flame kisses the paper
I always refused politely, saying I meant to keep it as my souvenir of the summer
she's somethin' mystical in colored lights, so, why refusing ?
like someone who's radiant and captivating, I roll over big plans for me and her, so selfish, but, is it gonna happen, like apparition of life in the universe
Forty-two is the ASCII code for the symbol * also known as the asterisk. This symbol is often thought to translate to anything or everything. In this instance, 42 = everything, the meaning of life
Uumasuusivissuaq is how life symbolically hides behind 42 asterisk in a igloo computer
ᓇᒡᓕᒋᕙᒋᑦ
damn half 'n' half, electronic igloo, what the hell are you sayin' brother?
I am walking in the sugar maple forest as winter comes to an end
"sap's rising", I say, you reply "ground's warming", we say, "grasshoppers are" an then, "hatching out", I say "autumn-laid eggs", "splitting", you say, "young stepping", I reply, "into spring", " 'grasshoppers', 'hopping', 'high', 'grassjumpers'", you and I, we say "jumping", you say "far", "vaulting from", "leaf to leaf", I say, "stem to stem", "leaf to leaf", "plant to plant", "stem to stem", you "grass", WE SAY "leapers", I "grass", WE SAY "bounders", you "grass", WE SAY "springers", I "grass", WE SAY "soarers", "leapfrogging longjumping grasshoppers"
whenever we're asked, if we walk upon water, we answer, of course
chop bok choy Alleluiah ! water is a fantastic element ! liquid, it can be drinken, gas, it can move mechanical parts of machines, solid, it can be used to build ice houses
after our long journey I want to build an ice shelter
the plan is to dig a gut into the ice and to find a hidden room where it is possible to stay
that's a heart attack, it's a dream with a tone of possibility, a tune of reality, and a taste of adventurous unique experience
chop bok choy Alleluiah ! pleasuronosaurus joyozenithorex !
ethereal creatures flitting about, their bodies emitting a soft, luminous glow against the stark white backdrop, joyozenithorex nunavutor, sassy krisbina fireflying vixen
No! in truth there's no lack, white the bread, the maidens black
Hope returned that I would get out of this fix, after all, and accomplish my mission
they were my experiences, after all
honour has come knocking to my door
there is no greater misfortune in the world than the loss of reason, everything passes away - suffering, pain, blood, hunger, pestilence, the sword will pass away too, but the stars will remain when the shadows of our presence and our deeds have vanished from the Earth, there is no man who does not know that
gloomy and sultry bowels of the ship that was so gravely overcoming the darkness, the ocean, the blizzard
transmogrification they had plan with murata to the museum of modernized arts
users can customize the algorithms
no, no, no, no, no, that was an exaggerated zoo which showed woolly mammoths in icy mountainous landscape
would military police forces in other states also rise up ?
loss, malice and deception
will keep you spooked and thrilled
he wanted to play it mocking and insolent
in five minutes, they had turned on every light, opened every closer and looked under every bed
all right, all right, I told her I'd give a try
those troublemakers don't know the meaning of the word
on the narrow trail in the woods they all kept running
a medieval person might have made of the solar system
a boatyard pull up with decrepit, rotting hulks
they had to stop eating in this place
Faulkner’s cocktails of choice – a mint julep or a hot toddy –
fuss over it, wagging his finger at whoever was unfortunate enough to be under the weather, commanding them to gulp it down posthaste, lest it lose its golden warmth, bud
Fry them golden and serve them on a plate that could tell its own heirloom, perhaps, with the ghosts of generations past whispering approval
the marvels of the mouth are also marvels of the Lord
a humble salmon croquette embodies the ethos
perhaps sashimi would be their premium upgrade, requiring finer calibration for maximum flavor enlightenment
advanced multitasking while assembling California rolls, or maybe philosophical pondering over tempura crumbs? The possibilities are boundless!
tempura crumbs are idiots !
psych euthymic master of leisure and carpe diem
Keep those you love close, and seize the day
die with a smile
